Doug turned off the frigid water and dried himself with the raggedy towel. He looked at himself in the mirror. For everything he's been through, he actually looked pretty good. The bags under his eyes were gone, and his skin looked like he just got a facial. He sees his halo above his head and tried to touch it, but only felt a light warmth as his fingers moved through it.  A freshly pressed black suit and tie with white shirt was in a bag waiting for him. No shoes though, so he hung the shoes he came in with up to dry in the rest room and sauntered over to the desk to sit and think. 
"So I guess I'm...really dead. That sucks and probably can't change that. Clearly there's some kind of mix up or I'm on some divine mission from god though because I'm an angel in hell who could probably fight actual fucking demons if I headbutt them or something. Is that why they're being so nice to me? So I don't just start slaughtering them all?"
He looked around the room and on his desk and noticed he had a desk phone. Curious, he picked it up and was shocked to hear the sound of human voice, devoid of all emotion. 'Central switching how may I direct your call?' For a brief moment he thought about asking room service to send him up a bottle of scotch, but didn't think he should push his luck. "Uhh, sorry, it's my first day and I don't know anyone or understand what I'm really doing here" 
"Welcome to Hell sir, I see you report to Minos, patching you through now"
 Doug panicked, wasn't this guy some kind of big shot? Am I getting on the phone with Satan's right hand guy right now?  Why am I calling him?
"Minos here" said a gruff voice 
"Uhhhh Hello sir, this is Doug...the uhhhh, new Angel"
"Look buddy, you came in a week ahead of schedule, and I'm a busy fucking guy. I don't have time for your damn tour right now, give me a couple hours to straighten some things out and I'll come by after. If you need something, get an intern. Don't call me for stupid shit.” *click*
Doug sat stunned. "Great, my boss is a dickhead" he muttered.
"Yes sir, Minos can be that way, may I direct you to a new line?" came the first voice though the line
"Oh shit please don't tell him I said that, I didn't know you were there! Why are you listening to my calls!?"
"All calls are monitored for security and quality assurance." stated the voice. "Would you like me to connect you to HR to request an Intern?" 
"I suppose so?" Doug answered. After two rings a bubbly southern female voice answered.
"HR this is Belpha how may I make your day AMAZING!?"
"Hello Belpha, this is Doug, the new Angel"
"Doug!!! So excited to meet you! I am already on my way to your office, see you in a Jiffy!!!!"*click*
Doug hung up the phone and sighed relief. At least this person seemed normal. Maybe it was a real decent human who went to hell for a technicality? That guy said this floor is for greed, must mean the other floors are for the other deadly sins. What were those? Violence is one right?, probably want to stay off that floor. Then there's sloth...can you really be lazy enough to go to Hell?? Then there's gluttony....
*knock knock*
Doug got up and walked over and opened the door, and was greeted by the foulest creature he'd ever seen. Belpha was a slug like creature, slimy and bright pink, with large open sores oozing a gray green pus that gave off a smell of decay. She held two thick binders. Doug gagged and tried to cover it with a cough. 
"Gaghuhhhh please come in." Doug chocked out as he made his way to his desk.
"Hello Doug it's so nice to meet you!" Belpha replied in her sing-song voice as she slid into the office. "We are so happy to have you round here, I know most of your duties were covered in your pre-orientation in heaven, I just wanted to meet and greet and have you sign the employee handbook!" Thumping down the large binders in front of Doug. "The top one requires your signature, the bottom is yours to keep for your reference."
Doug nervously pushed back, "Uhhhh I'm no lawyer, but I don't think I should sign anything in Hell without reading it, I don't want to like, sign away my soul"
Belpha cackled "Oh curse your heart you are too funny! We got PLENTY of those wandering the halls in this building but you don't need them honey! This has been the same contract your friends up there been signing since we made it 4500 years ago! Didn't they go over this with you up there?"
"That's another thing, I honestly have no clue why I'm here. I got pushed in front of a train on my way to work and now I seem to be the only angel in hell. Did God put me here?" Doug asked. When Doug said 'God' Belpha flinched but regained composure and became serious. 
"Are you tellen me you an angel that ain't never been to heaven? That don't make a lick o sense. You hit your head when you came in or somthin? Nah ya'll can't get hurt like that... Oh my this ain't right. This ain't right at all, something bad musta happened. You ain't a week early, your just a soul that got turned round and took a wrong turn in the bardo! Oh Minos is going to have himself a fit over this. Hold on one moment."
Belpha reached up, and touched the side of her head, where there was a crude cybernetic implant grafted onto her slug body with a communication coin attached. The implant connection points looked infected. "Patch me through to Minos sweetie......Minos it's Belpha, we got ourselves a bit of a situation. This Doug feller ain't the Angel we was expecting. Done got hit by a bus this morning and washed up here an Angel."
"A Train" Doug interjected. 
"Bus, train, airplane don't matter how you kicked it! You down here now and you ain't supposed to be." Belpha shot back. "Sorry bout that Minos, what we gunna do? This ain't in the handbook... mmhmm. mmhmm. Yes darlin that's the situation. mmhmmm. alright then I'll wait here and call up the other floor managers." Belpha removed her hand from the device and looked back to Doug. "Alright honey he on his way. You sit tight right now while I make another call right quick. You know what, hand me that receiver there my implants on the frizz." Doug handed Belpha the phone receiver. "Hello darlin this is Belpha, I need you to conference me in with all the other floors managers right now. No sweetie this ain't a Code T37 we've got a full blown Y99, emergency override of any current conversation, thank you for askin......Hello y'all I do apologize for the rude interruption of y'alls conversations but we've got ourselves a bit of a situation that requires level 8 approval protocol. Yes Acedia I said level 8 there ain't no protocol established for this in the handbook, which I'm sorry means you gotta shuffle your fat ass to that elevator and on head up. I'll see y'all soon." Belpha takes her hand off the implant. "This ain't regular at all and I don't like it.
