<Chapter 1;Arrival;Doug's mundane morning commute takes an unexpected turn into the depths of Hell Inc.>
Doug was a mediocre nice guy. Nobody disliked him, nobody invited him out. Not that he didn’t go out by himself, socialize, and have a good time, but at 34 he was living a simple, stable, quiet life working a back-office job at a small investment firm in Philadelphia. People lose track and regret asking him what he does for a living during the paragraph it takes to describe it. Nothing great or heroic, just decent money. Which was needed to pay back the loans he took out to get the degree to qualify for the job. 
He was just finishing up his Wednesday morning at work and his stomach was grumbling. He’d woken up late and hadn’t had time to grab breakfast. He realized he had been in such a rush that he forgot to feed his dog. Feeling bad, he decided he’d take the 15 minute train ride home during his lunch break, feed him, and come back to the office. As he walked the floor, he passed his boss chatting with another co-worker. As far as bosses go, Gary wasn’t bad, which is a rare trait in bosses. “Doug! Glad I ran into you so I don’t have to email you. I had another meeting with Jason about the MoneyServe+ implementation, and got word there is a user authority export function. Unfortunately it’s only in PDF, and the whole trading floor will be using it so there’s quite a few users. He said he’d get that sent to you soon.” He was somehow always in a jolly mood, even when giving bad news.
Doug masked his irritation with corporate sarcasm. “The fact that these companies can’t provide these lists in a machine-readable format is bonkers to me. That’ll be my whole afternoon! Anyone involved deserves cosmic retribution!” Gary chuckled, “I know I know, well, enjoy your lunch!”
“You too,” Doug replied and set off to the elevator. “Great” he thought, “An afternoon copying data from a PDF to a CSV to upload to the archive. Thank God I went to grad school.” Doug's stomach roared at him again as he left the elevator. He popped into the bodega next door to the office to find it packed. “Yo Oscar!” Doug called to the man in the back. The man looked up, smiled, and gestured to the line, making his eyes big and smiled larger. Oscar was Puerto Rican and spoke very little English, and was a friend to all his regulars like Doug. “I need a buffalo chicken sandwich with everything, I’ll be back in 40”. 
“OK Papi I got you!” Oscar said. He called everyone Papi. Doug grabbed a bag of chips for the train, paid the cashier, (Oscar’s wife) and headed out the door and down to the subway. He took a peek down the track and saw the train was on its way from the last station. He popped in some earbuds, turned on some music, and tore into his bag of chips. 
There was a commotion behind Doug that he couldn’t hear due to the music and the ever so satisfying crunch of a mouthful of kettle cooked chips. A man grabbed a woman's purse and started running. A large man tried to intervene, but only ended up knocking the thief into Doug, who instinctively grabbed onto him, sending both directly into the path of the train.
<SECTION BREAK>
All to black. Pure silence and stillness for an eternal moment. Then the turbulence hit. Flailing gusts of wind and rain whipped from every direction as Doug fell through darkness until he hit the frigid water with a splash, knocking the wind out of him.
As he surfaced himself and gasped for breath, he could see he was near the shore of a rocky island, whose only structure was a large obelisk-shaped office building. Doug swam to shore and tried to collect himself as the wind and rain thrashed him. As he looked around he realized he was not alone. Bodies were dropping from the sky into the water at a steady rate, a leaky faucet of the damned. They were all slowly shuffling themselves towards the obelisk. He walked towards a man and tried to call out but found himself muted by the sheer force of the gale. 
As Doug approached the obelisk, he beheld the sign over the door with ‘HELL INC.’ spelled out in brightly glowing red block lettering. He entered to a massive room, like an unholy union of the TSA and the DMV. There was a snaking queue thousands of people long, all soaking wet and miserable. At the end of the line there was a long row of windows with ‘ORIENTATION” above them. Only two windows were staffed. Doug instinctively starts heading towards the back of the line, his mind racing.
“How the fuck is this happening to me!? Why am I in Hell?? Is it because I stopped going to church!? I still believe in God though!! I never hurt a person in my life, gave to charity... and volunteered at least once a year!?”
“Nice job getting us killed you clumsy fuck!” A voice came from behind. Doug turned and saw the man he fell into the train with pushing past people who had queued behind him. The man brought his fist back to throw a haymaker at Doug but stopped dead by the mere sight of the demon. 
They almost look human, especially when wearing a suit. Though the sunken yellow eyes, pointed ears, and forehead horns are hard to miss. This particular demon was fatter, dumber, and meaner looking than the rest. “Back to your proper place in line soul, the protocol for the operation of this line is clearly established” As he gestured to a billboard of rules Doug had been too distracted to notice. Sure enough, among the dozens of procedures listed out was ‘Your place in line is determined when you enter the line and must not change’.
The initial shock had left the man. “EH NOBODY TELLS ME HOW TO DO SHIT! FUCK YOU BITCH” he yelled, and started to charge the demon. The demon punched through the man's chest, ripping out the man’s beating heart. As the man collapsed, the demon set the heart ablaze to cook it for a bit, bit it like it was an apple, and tossed it back onto the man’s body. The demon then grabbed his radio and spoke to it. “Employee G607 requesting waste disposal at the main entrance due to a Code B4768”. A calm voice replied “Request received, waste disposal en route”
“So… is he like…gone forever now?” Doug asked nervously. “Nah he’ll come stumbling back through that door any minute now, bet he’ll mind his manners now” said the demon, smirking at his handywork. The demon looked up at Doug and his smile vanished. “What’s that above your head?” He demanded. 
”There’s something around my head?” Doug replied, while trying to look up and feel around for it but found nothing. He couldn't see it, but there was a thin halo of yellow lightning sparkling above his head. “Quit playing around and take that off!” demanded the demon. “I can’t feel anything up there, I don’t know what you’re talking about!” Doug stammered. The demon marched towards Doug and threatened “You’d do well to learn to not disobey!” and reached towards Doug's head. Doug closed his eyes and cowered. At a few inches away, the halo shocked the demon’s hand, which enraged him. The demon swung his hand quickly to grab it, and it sliced the top half of his hand cleanly. Doug's face was splashed with a spurt of thick demonic blood. The demon howled in pain, then yelled into his radio “EMPLOYEE G607 REQUESTING…EVERYONE TO HELP AT MAIN ENTRANCE FOR A CODE A1”
Doug stood there, dumbstruck, and tried to wipe the viscous blood from his eyes. 
“Employee G607 did you just say Code A1?” Asked the voice from the radio.
“YES AN ANGEL IS HERE AND HAS ATTACKED ME WE ARE UNDER AN INVASION FROM HEAVEN!”
“Angel Response Task Force already en route to main lobby, please note Code A1 requires the presence of 2 or more hostile angels to trigger full lockdown”
The demon was in a flubbering panic, and picked the severed piece of his hand off the ground and backed away from Doug. An elevator in the corner marked “STAFF ONLY” dinged. Two demons exited, both tall and slender, carrying briefcases. They approached Doug and greeted him. “Pardon our rude welcome sir, we had not received the usual correspondence prior to your arrival that you would be early. Please follow me to your office.”
“My…office?” Doug choked out.
The second tall demon replied, “Yes sir, we have a private office set up for you on the 4th floor. We found the souls on that floor don’t cry out in agony too loudly, they are there for the sin of Greed and mostly work our finances. Their punishment produces more groans, hysterical sobbing at worst. If you prefer different accommodations after your tour, you can submit form R5503, please follow Mr Asgroth”
“WHAT ABOUT MY HAND!? HE ATTACKED ME!” Yelled the injured demon.
“Oh shut it Garus, our scanners clocked him the second he walked inside, we saw the whole thing. Mind blowing how fast you can fuck up a situation! Which is always why you're always assigned shit duties! We finally give you a little responsibility of keeping the fresh souls in line and in one month you assault an Angel. Absolute embarrassment to the security department. Just go to floor 6 and they’ll figure something out. I’ll be covering your station and writing a D557 for Agrodoshus. Won't be surprised if it's pushed up to Minos and you're back to a mailcart where you belong."
“Eat shit Deletros!” Yelled Garus as he threw his severed fingers at Deletros who dodged them swiftly. The fingers flew towards the orientation line, hitting squarely in the back of the head of a man damned for gluttony, who stumbled over and dominoed many in line. Garus stormed off towards the staff elevator.  Deletros and Asgroth chuckled at the expense of both Garus and the bowling pin situation in the line. 
“Right this way sir, the back elevator will take us closer to your office” Asgroth said to Doug, gesturing to a bypass lane on the side of the orientation queue. Doug was still in a shell-shocked and bewildered state, but began to follow the well dressed demon towards the elevator. They entered, and with Asgroth’s command of “Greed” the elevator began to move upward.
As the door opened, they were greeted with a mind-bending visual. Short walled cubicles stretching further than the eye could see. Thousands and thousands of desk workers and mail carriers pushing giant stacks of papers through the lanes, stopping to unload binders of printed out spreadsheets for endless analysis. “Right this way” Asgroth directed towards a door near the elevator. They stepped inside to a dingy 10"x10" room with a desk surrounded by filing cabinets and boxes of papers on the desk. Asgroth gestured to another door in the office. “You have access to a rare amenity in this building, a private washroom with a shower. I recommend you wash up. There should be a dry suit for you. Minos will be stopping by at his nearest convenience.”
“Minos?” asked Doug. “He’s the head of judgement and security, he will reiterate to you the main do’s and don’ts, and be your main point of contact here. Belpha from HR will also probably come by with some paperwork. I suggest you start looking through your case files, become as jaded as your predecessors always became, and be ready to ask Belpha to transfer out when she swings by. Good day sir” Asgroth pivoted and walked out the door, shutting it behind him. Doug shuffled into the washroom, stripped out of his wet clothes, and stepped into a shower with no hot water. As he washed the blood from his face, his only thought was “What the HELL is going on??”
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 2;The Situation;A bureaucratic nightmare unfolds as Hell's HR department discovers a critical filing error.>
Doug turned off the frigid water and dried himself with the raggedy towel. He looked at himself in the mirror. For everything he'd been through, he actually looked pretty good. The bags under his eyes were gone, and his skin looked like he just got a facial. He saw his halo above his head for the first time and tried to touch it, but only felt a light warmth as his fingers moved through it. A freshly pressed black suit and tie with a white shirt was in a bag waiting for him. No shoes though, so he hung the shoes he came in with to dry in the washroom and sauntered over to the desk to sit and think. 
"So I guess I'm...really dead. That sucks and probably can't change that. Clearly there's some kind of mix-up or I'm on some divine mission from God because I'm an angel in Hell who could probably fight actual fucking demons if I headbutt them or something. Is that why they're being so nice to me? So I don't just start slaughtering them all? No, that's stupid…" Doug sat for a moment and thought about the life he’d left behind. For some reason his first thought was how confused Oscar would be when he hadn’t come back for his sandwich. Mostly Doug was sad to leave his dog hungry. He chuckled to himself. “Guess it’s a good thing I died in public so my family finds out fast and can get to him. Uggg this is going to be rough for Mom and Dad”. 
To distract himself from the thoughts, he looked around the room and on his desk and noticed he had a desk phone. Curious, he picked it up and was shocked to hear the sound of a woman’s voice, devoid of all emotion. “Central switching, how may I direct your call?” For a brief moment he thought about asking room service to send him up a bottle of scotch, but didn’t think he should push his luck. "Uhh, sorry, it's my first day and I don't know anyone or understand what I’m really doing here" 
"Welcome to Hell buddy” she replied with some sarcasm. “This thing says you report to Minos, patching you through now"
Doug panicked, “wasn’t this guy some kind of big shot? Am I getting on the phone with Satan’s right hand guy right now?  Why am I calling him?”
"Minos here," said a gruff voice 
"Uhhhh Hello sir, this is Doug… The uhhhh, new Angel"
"Look buddy, you came in a week ahead of schedule, and I'm a busy fucking guy. I don't have time for your damn tour right this second, give me a couple hours to straighten some things out and I'll come by after. If you need something, get an intern. Don't call me for stupid shit.” *click*
Doug sat stunned. "Great, my boss is a dickhead," he muttered.
"Yuup, Minos can be that way, may I direct you to a new line?" came the first voice through the line
"Oh shit please don't tell him I said that, I didn't know you were there! Why are you listening to my calls!?"
"All calls are monitored for security and quality assurance." stated the voice dryly. "Would you like me to connect you to HR to request an intern?" 
"I suppose so?" Doug answered. After two rings a bubbly southern female voice answered.
"HR this is Belpha how may I make your day AMAZING!?"
"Hello Belpha, this is Doug, the new Angel"
"Doug!!! So excited to meet you! I am already on my way to your office, see you in a Jiffy!!!!"*click*
Doug hung up the phone to avoid the call switcher and sighed in relief. At least this person seemed normal. “Maybe it was a real decent human who went to hell for a technicality?” He thought to himself. That guy said this floor is for greed, must mean the other floors are for the other deadly sins. What were those? Violence is one, right? probably want to stay off that floor. Then there's sloth… Can you really be lazy enough to go to Hell?? Then there's gluttony....”
*knock knock*
Doug got up and walked over and opened the door, and was greeted by the foulest creature he'd ever seen. Belpha was vaguely human from the waist up, with a slug-like bottom half. She was slimy and bright pink, with large open sores oozing a gray-green pus that gave off a smell of decay. She held two thick binders. Doug gagged and tried to cover it with a cough. 
"Gaghuhhhh please come in." Doug choked out as he made his way to his desk.
"Hello Doug, it's so nice to meet you!" Belpha replied in her sing-song voice as she slid into the office. "We are so happy to have you round here, I know most of your duties were covered in your pre-orientation in heaven, I just wanted to meet and greet and have you sign the employee handbook!" Thumping down the large binders in front of Doug. "The top one requires your signature, the bottom is yours to keep for your reference."
Doug nervously pushed back, "Uhhhh I'm no lawyer, but I don't think I should sign anything in Hell without reading it, I don't want to like, sign away my soul"
Belpha cackled "Oh curse your heart you are too funny! We got PLENTY of lawyers wandering the halls in this building but you don't need them honey! This has been the same contract your friends up there been signing since we made it 4500 years ago! Didn't they go over this with you up there?"
"That's another thing, I honestly have no clue why I'm here. I got pushed in front of a train on my way home and now I seem to be the only angel in hell. Did God put me here?" Doug asked. When Doug said ‘God’ Belpha flinched but regained composure and became serious. 
"Are you tellen me you an angel that ain't never been to heaven? That don't make a lick o sense. You hit your head when you came in or somthin? Nah ya'll can't get hurt like that... Oh my this ain't right. This ain't right at all, something bad musta happened. You ain't a week early, you're just a soul that got turned round and took a wrong turn in the bardo! Oh Minos is going to have himself a fit over this. Hold on one moment."
Belpha reached up, and touched the side of her head, where there was a crude cybernetic implant grafted onto her slug body. The implant connection points looked infected. "Patch me through to Minos sweetie......Minos it's Belpha, we got ourselves a bit of a situation. This Doug feller ain't the Angel we was expecting. Done got hit by a bus this morning and washed up here an Angel."
"A Train" Doug interjected. 
"Bus, train, airplane don't matter how you kicked it! You down here now and you ain't supposed to be." Belpha shot back. "Sorry bout that Minos, what we gunna do? This ain't in the handbook... mmhmm. mmhmm. Yes darlin that's the situation. mmhmmm. alright then I'll wait here and call up the other floor managers." Belpha removed her hand from the device and looked back to Doug. "Alright honey he on his way. You sit tight right now while I make another call right quick. You know what, hand me that receiver there my implants on the frizz." Doug handed Belpha the phone receiver. "Hello darlin this is Belpha, I need you to conference me in with all the other floor managers right now. No sweetie this ain't a Code T37 we've got a full blown Y99, emergency override of any current conversation, thank you for askin......Hello y'all I do apologize for the rude interruption of y'alls conversations but we've got ourselves a bit of a situation that requires level 8 approval protocol. Yes Acedia I said level 8 there ain't no protocol established for this in the handbook, which I'm sorry means you gotta shuffle your fat ass to that elevator and head on up. I'll see y'all soon." Belpha returned the receiver to Doug. "This ain't regular at all and I don't like it.” 
Minos walked into the room without knocking. He wasn’t wearing a full suit, just the slacks and white shirt and a loosened tie. He had a leather whip attached to his belt. He was disheveled and even more pissed off than usual. “Time to figure out whose fault this is. I’ll impale them myself.” He said to Belpha. He then looked to Doug with mild disdain. “I need to hear it from you directly. If you’ve changed your mind about the position and are trying to save face that’s one thing, but if you are not a sanctioned representative from Heaven that’s a real problem.”
“I promise you I have no idea what’s going on and I’ve never been to Heaven. Couldn’t we just, like, call them?” Doug said meekly. 
“Oh sure I’ll get St. Peter on the hook right away. Heck I’ll be playing golf with St. John the Baptist and the Virgin Mary this afternoon I’ll just ask them!” He sarcastically replied. “Communication with Heaven is a one way street usually, only the big boss has that power down here and he doesn’t like using it. YOU are supposed to come already trained in how to communicate back. Alright, come with us to the conference room” 
“Sure, let me just grab my shoes” Doug said as he walked over to the still dripping shoes.
“What size shoe are you?” Minos asked.
“I’m a ten” Doug replied. Minos went out to the cube farm and called for those with a size ten shoe to raise their hands. A man nearby raised his hand. “Get over here soul, trade your shoes with this Angel.” Minos demanded. 
Doug felt a twinge of guilt seeing the man being treated like that. “Whoa, hold on I don’t need to take his shoes, these are fine, just a bit wet.”
Minos could sense Doug’s pity. He unhooked his whip, raised it over his head, and with a crack made the whip wrap around the man, which it did four times. Minos closed his eyes. “This man built and ran a charity that purported to raise money for foreign orphanages. Even made it look on public forms that he took home a humble salary. The orphanages didn’t exist. They were all shell companies owned by this man. Millions of dollars swindled from people so he could live a lavish lifestyle. I could easily have sent him to floor two for some less-than-consensual encounters he’s had but he’s more useful here.” Doug still felt bad but reluctantly traded his wet shoes for the dry ones with the man and put them on. The man avoided looking at Doug and stared at the floor during the exchange. As the man started walking back, Minos yelled at him “Put those damn shoes on before you walk on this floor soul, closed-toe shoes are mandatory at ALL TIMES. Alright you two, let’s go.”
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 3;Conference Call;Floor managers convene as Doug awaits his fate.>
Doug followed silently behind Minos and Belpha through the endless rows of cubicles as they discussed the situation. Most of the souls kept their heads down in their work. Those who looked up did so only briefly, not daring to give Minos a reason to be angry. 
“Minos he needs to sign that handbook ASAP, if he experiences any torment directly or indirectly without a valid waiver it could be all our asses on the line. We could lose the contract outright!” Belpha said nervously. 
“I am well aware of that, but we can’t force him to sign anything.” Minos replied.
They reached another elevator, which opened as they approached. A large demon with a pig-like face wearing filthy chef’s whites and smelling of rotting meat was already on it. “What’s all this about Minos?” He asked immediately. 
“I will fill you in with all the others Gulandar.” Minos said through gritted teeth as they all crammed into the elevator. As the doors closed, the smells of Belpha and Gulandar mingled together. The odor was foul enough to make Doug’s eyes water.
The doors opened to the conference room. From the pyramid shape of the ceiling, Doug would guess that he was in the tip of the Obelisk.  The table in the center was an onyx slab, which hovered without support. At the far end there was an empty black throne. The rest of the seats were simple stone cylinders. There were two already at the table, one a demon impeccably dressed, the other a slug similar to Belpha, but slightly less revolting. Another entity was in the room, they looked like a solid shadow giving off smoke. It moved around the table, straightening the name cards. The shadow popped up when the group entered. 
“I’ve got everything required set up Minos, anything else you need? Would you like for me to take notes?” The shadow asked eagerly. 
“We will need an additional seat for our guest. After that you may leave.” Minos replied.
“Right away sir!” said the shadow while turning to Doug “What is your name, esteemed guest?” 
He answered plainly “Doug”. The shadow went to the end of the table opposite the throne and started muttering incantations. A cylinder began to appear from thin air, and was solid within a few seconds. Doug’s name was carved intricately on the back. Another incantation created a nameplate. “All set sir, does anyone else need anything? Miss Belpha?” Asked the shadow.
“Nothin now hun, please go wait in my office imma need your help after this.” Belpha said. With those instructions, the shadow collapsed in on itself, seemingly imploding into nothingness.
“Take a seat.” Minos said, gesturing to the new cylinder. As he went to the opposite end to sit to the right of the throne, the elevator dinged and more demons and slugs entered the room and took their stations. Only one space remained empty. “Thank you all for your punctuality. As we wait for Acedi, please state your name and title for the benefit of our guest.” The demons started to rise one by one to introduce themselves.
“I am Invidias, responsible for the punishment of Envy. I also run the IT department, sixth floor.” said a shabbily dressed demon. A much better dressed demon next to him rose,
“Hello sir, I am Biasupre, I punish pride and run our Marketing department, fifth floor”
A slug spoke next, “I am Ira, responsible for Wrath, eighth floor.”
The pig-faced demon Doug had ridden the elevator with raised their hand, ”I am Gulandar, I administrate the commissary and kitchen, and punish souls for gluttony. Third floor.” 
The demon to Doug’s right spoke next, he was well dressed but coupled it with gaudy jewelry. “I am Ritavas, head of Finance and punishing souls condemned with greed.” The elevator dinged, and the largest of all the slugs started slowly moving out of it and towards the table. 
“And now that we have Acedi, head of maintenance and punishment of Sloth, we can begin” Said Minos. “Here’s the situation. Doug here is an Angel, but has somehow ended up here with no knowledge of our own or Heaven’s protocols. If he had deserved punishment this time around he should have been routed there first for halo removal before being cast down. We need to be absolutely sure this is not our fault. Invidias, please tell me you haven’t been ‘optimizing’ the Bardo again without following proper approval and testing protocol.” Doug hadn’t considered that scenario, and began to worry again he was supposed to be here to be punished. Invidias’s eyes were wide, and started rubbing his head as he rose from the table. 
“Uhhhh let me make a quick call. Biasupre help me out here and explain this idea of yours”. He turned to the wall where there was a phone line and started speaking quietly into it. Minos looked livid. Biasupre stood and tried to remain a composed salesman. “Ok, so hear me out. We’ve been getting an influx of souls with knowledge of something called ‘AI’, and they claim it can fix all sorts of business problems. We all worked out a sort of ‘soul pre-processor’ system, which can quickly identify and pull out the worst of the worst souls. I’m talking about murderers, rapists, career criminal types. We have those limits cranked up real high while we test it, only a small number of souls have been coming through since we turned it on Monday. I know we skipped forms PCC827, HR9322, and ICMS501, but we couldn’t test it on a simulation! I know you're mad, Minos, but wait till you hear this… these systems take up an inordinate amount of processing power, so we’ve been able to increase the suffering of souls working in intake by 32%, and I stand by it 100%. No way this is our fault.” He finished, boldly knocking the table with his fist. 
Invidias turned back to the group with a grim face. “I believe there is an edge-case bug in the pre-processor,” he said. Biasupre sat down and silently stared at his knees. Invidias continued; “From the logs, it looks like Doug here died in extremely close proximity to a particularly bad soul. They died right next to each other, and at the same time. In the pre-processor, instead of each soul’s review paperwork being sent as a whole to one worker for review, their lives are ‘tokenized’ and sent out to a massive workforce who only have to do one small part of the problem. These tokens are then reassembled and average soul quality can be determined quickly. Part of how we organize who is working on whose review is time and location of death. Some of this bad guy's paperwork must have got shuffled in with Doug’s here, and it seems like he was tagged accidentally and pulled down as well.” The room stared at the two, some with anger, some with disbelief. 
Minos was shaking with rage. “I need a minute to think how to fix this, and another to decide your fates”. He began pacing behind the throne, muttering to himself. Ritavas took a pack of cigarettes out and lit one with the tip of his finger, shaking his head at the two. 
“Can I have one of those?” Doug asked nervously. He had quit smoking a few years ago due to peer pressure, and still missed it. Ritavas handed him the lit stick with a puzzled face and lit another for himself. Doug took a drag and coughed. He should have expected, but it was a horrible quality. Thankfully the buzz still existed down here and he relaxed a bit. 
Ritavas took a small device from his pocket, spoke “Cinder” into it, and put it away. The shadow from before reappeared before him. He motioned to the cigarettes. The shadow spoke an incantation, and marble ashtrays appeared in front of Ritavas and Doug. He nodded and waved the shadow away, who once again seemed to implode into a single unseen point in space. 
“You two just dumber than a bag o bricks.” Quipped Belpha. “Absolute foolishness. Not once has anything like this happened in all the eons we been doing this. Them forms exist for a reason! Changen the Bardo without correspondence with Heaven… Absolute foolishness” There was a speakerphone in front of the throne, which suddenly started to blink. A chill ran through everyone’s spine. Even Minos’s anger was tempered by fear. He walked briskly over to the phone and pushed a button. “Yes sir?” A cold voice came from the other line “Minos and Doug, stay. Everyone else out.” The group rose from their seats and headed towards the elevator bay. Once they were gone, the voice spoke again. “You have failed me, Minos, for the first time. I have sent word of Doug’s arrival to Heaven. I expect we will have a visitor soon. See to their needs and we will discuss your fate after.” The blinking stopped. Minos grabbed his own communicator and spoke into it.  “Angel Response Task Force, report to the main entrance immediately. We will soon have a visitor that will need an escort up to the executive conference room.”
“Finally, someone is coming to save me.” thought Doug, as he took another rip. “Might not be smokes in Heaven so I better enjoy this last one!” It went down a little smoother this time. Minos’s comm spoke to him “Sir it seems as though VOG is already in the building on his way to you, he ignored and bypassed all security.” At that moment the elevator dinged and an Archangel stepped out. Doug turned and saw the divine being, shocked and humbled by its beauty. The tips of his wings towered a foot above his head, framing a strong but kind face. The wavy golden hair matched his gold armor, which was intricately engraved. He also carried a mighty sword unsheathed in his hand. Doug quickly smashed out the cigarette and considered kneeling, but just sat there trying to find words. “Are you here to save me!?” Doug blurted out. Before the angel could answer, Minos interjected bitterly “Voice of God or not, I’d appreciate it if you followed our protocols Michael.” 
“I will spend as little time in this wretched place as I need to, Minos.” He calmly stated, then turned to Doug. “I must be brief, as I cannot bear long the suffering within these halls. You are truly here by an unsanctioned modification of the grand cosmic path, and should have rejoined us in the Holiest of Holies upon your bodily demise. Even more unfortunate, I have no way of bringing you back with me currently, as your soul is in too fragile a state for the path I travel. Fortunately, a gateway is already being prepared to be opened in a week's time for an ambassador. With a week's rest, you should be able to make that journey. To best protect yourself against the evils of this place, sign the agreement they have laid out for you. I personally attest to its soundness, I was involved in the negotiation. I also have a letter for you.” Michael handed Doug an envelope, beautifully embossed with a border and his name in gold. 
“Who’s the letter from?” Doug asked.
“He whose words I carry, and loathe to utter in the presence of…” Michael said as he gestured with his sword to the empty throne. “Rest, and hold your faith.” An elevator dinged, with the two tall briefcase-toting demons as before on it. Michael turned and started walking towards it. “Wait!” shouted Doug. Michael turned to him. “Can you make sure my dog is taken care of?” Michael smiled and answered “I will personally pass along your prayer to Francis, your pet will go to a good home.” He turned and continued to the elevator. “Main Lobby,” said Deletros, and the doors closed. 
Doug sat in silence, and Minos took his seat, rubbing his eyes. “Are you alright?” Doug asked. 
“Go back to your office, and sign the damn paperwork.” Minos grumbled.
“I don’t know how to get there…” Doug replied.
“I can’t deal with your ignorance right now, I’ve got enough on my plate.” Minos snapped. He took his communicator out and spoke to it. “Cinder, up here now,” The shadow appeared. “Take Doug to his office”
“Right away sir! Follow me sir!” the shadow replied, and headed for the elevator. Doug followed. Curious if he had the power to control the elevator, he said “Greed” as he stepped on. “Very good sir! You learn quick!”. The elevator began to move. Doug, feeling a bit emboldened from his last interaction, turned to the shadow and simply asked “So uhhh, what are you? Oh sorry, who are you?” 
“I’m Cinder sir, the executive team intern. To answer your first question, I’m a jinn, we exist on all planes of existence, have free will, yada yada yada, all in your handbook under Appendix N4.2 ‘Spirit Entities’. I just think this place is neat, and the team is awesome when you get to know them!” The elevator doors opened, and Doug followed Cinder through the maze of cubicles back to his office. He shuffled inside and sat at his desk. 
“Anything else I can get you sir?” Cinder asked eagerly.
Doug decided to press his luck given Cinder’s demeanor, “Bottle of scotch and a pack of smokes?” He said with a joking cheeky grin. 
“I will do my best!” Cinder exclaimed, and disappeared with a puff. Doug stared at the envelope in his hands for a moment before opening it. He pulled out a card, the back of which was embossed in gold with beautiful geometric designs. The inside simply read:
<GNOTE>
Doug felt a great wave of comfort as he read it, but it also confused him. Was that advice? A command? A letter salutated and signed with no body? A knock came at the door. “Come in” Doug said, and a demon entered carrying a cafeteria tray with a pint of whiskey, a pack of cigarettes and a box of matches. He set it atop a box on Doug's desk, bowed, and left. Doug put the card on his desk with the words facing him, and reached for the pack of smokes. He took one out, lit it, and pulled a heavy drag. He coughed again after exhaling, but he began to appreciate the harshness of the flavor. “I was told to relax, that’s just what I’m going to do. I’m happy to have a week of vacation even if it is in Hell.” he thought as he grabbed the pint. He took a swig and was happy to find the quality was not on par with the smokes, it was actually quite smooth. It hit hard too, this had to at least be cask strength.
The two employee handbooks were still on his desk. He flipped one open to find a hundred or so pages of tiny font and dense legal language. He flipped to the back where there was a place for his signature. He took another big swig. He was still worried he was being duped or tricked, but he looked at the letter on his desk and felt a courage within himself to sign the paper. After another rip of the dart, wet ink hit the page.
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 4;First Meeting;Doug settles into his temporary accommodations, and has a one-on-one with his new boss.>
As Doug finished his signature he almost expected something drastic to happen, but there were no flashes of red light or manacles appearing on his wrists. He sat back in his chair and continued smoking. He reflexively reached into his pocket, looking for a phone as a modern person does in their first down moment. He chuckled to himself as he remembered where he was. He took another swig and just stared at the ceiling for a while, trying to unwind a bit. He was definitely buzzed, but he felt restless, not the least bit tired. Just to do something other than stare at a ceiling, he decided to start at least getting the pile of boxes off his desk and stacked in a corner, and get his office in order. He did so slowly, and eventually just had a single box, the phone, and the card on the desk. Rather than putting it in the corner, he opened the box and found binders of varied thickness. He took each out and laid them out on the desk, and also found a single loose sheet of paper on the bottom. Binders with titles like ‘Good Choices’, ‘Bad Choices’, ‘Circumstances’, ‘Ethical Training’, and more, all filled with the details of the life of some guy named ‘Jack Benhoff’. His actions, motivations for those actions, everything. Thousands of pages. Doug took a look at the single sheet. The header read ‘Form ID J431: Judgement Modification Request’. Below that was a box detailing his current sentence; 280 years for sloth, 275 years for envy, and 245 years for lust. At the bottom was a box to write in how the judgement should be modified, and two signature boxes. 
Doug was curious how lazy and horny one needs to be to land yourself in hell, so he started flipping through the binders, starting with ‘Bad Choices’. It was filled with spreadsheets with data points of sinful actions. Time, place, category, severity, and references to appendix documentation. Doug started to feel a bit like a 1950s PI, wearing his suit in a dingy smoke-filled office, he was ready to crack the case. He dove deep into Jack’s life, both the good and the bad. It was a tough read.
Jack started out as regular kid. He grew up in the Midwest suburbs, played baseball, and spent his early childhood wanting to be in the pros. When he was 13, he was in a severe car accident which resulted in him losing the bottom half of his left arm. His mind was also scarred by losing any hope of living his dream. He started to hate school where he was bullied, and dropped out as soon as he could. He was able to apply for and receive disability, and lived in his parents’ basement his whole life, mostly watching porn or baseball podcasts in a haze from the pain pills he abused. 
Doug spent some time flipping through the spreadsheets looking for the best and worst things Jack had done. “If any of that porn was child stuff I’m keeping this guy down here forever” Doug thought to himself. Thankfully that was not the case, his worst sins in lust were the few times he hired a prostitute.  Jack’s good deeds were mostly related to his relationship with his parents. He and his father loved to talk baseball, and he did quite a bit to take care of both of them in their old age. 
The phone on the desk began to ring. Doug had been sipping away at the whiskey and was at this point, a little drunk. He answered “Detective Doug here,” jokingly. 
“Come down to my office.” Minos said curtly. “Cinder will escort you” *click* 
“Oh cool, the first meeting I have with my demon boss I’ll be showing up drunk. This can’t go wrong.” Doug thought sarcastically. Cinder knocked and opened the door. “Right this way sir!” Doug grabbed the J431 form and followed silently to the elevators. “Basement” Cinder said, and the elevator began to descend. With a ding, the elevator doors opened to a thin hallway with three doors at the end. The two walked towards them. The door on the right read ‘Operations’, the door on the left read ‘Minos’. The door in the center looked like a bank vault, labeled with an inverted pentagram. Cinder knocked on Minos’s door and entered. “Doug for you sir! Would you like for me to take notes?”
“That will be all Cinder. Take a seat.” Doug looked about the office. It really wasn’t much different than his, just larger to accommodate even more boxes. The wood chair across from Minos had shackles built into it. Doug approached but hesitated. Minos looked up from the form he was filling out. “Those aren’t for you, don't mind them”. Doug sat nervously but kept his cool. For a long moment they just stared at each other, almost sizing each other up.  It felt like Minos was trying to find reasons to be angry at Doug but couldn’t think of any. Doug broke the ice, “Well, it looks like you didn’t get canned for this, that’s good”. 
“Fates of many will be decided upon the success of your leaving this place in one week’s time. Should the transfer fail…” Minos trailed off, and Doug sensed some actual fear from Minos. “Not a contingency I’m even going to plan for” he said, shaking his head. “I need your word that you are going to take this seriously, and rest. What do you need to entertain yourself? Deck of cards? I can send a jinn to the mortal world to learn simple objects, they could get a book? That could take a day or two..” 
“I think I should be alright left to my own devices.” replied Doug. “The boxes in my office contain some real interesting data/stories. I read all about this guy Jack Benhoff before I came down here. I found this ‘J431’ form in there as well, do I have the power to commute this guy’s sentence?” He asked.
Minos looked properly annoyed again, and jabbed his finger at Doug as he said “Because you signed the handbook, you technically have the power to <strong>request</strong> that I <strong>modify</strong> a sentence, and I have the right to say no. However, that job is for someone properly trained for it. You are walking into something you don’t understand.”
“Well, it does seem a bit excessive. This is like, over 800 years and he never really hurt anyone.” Doug could tell that questioning Minos’s judgement annoyed him further and he had to hold back a tirade he would have given to anyone else. Instead he just snapped “Firstly, you should know that time works differently down here. 800 years down here is not long, he will return to earth not long after he left it.” Doug started to protest but Minos shot back. “Fine, you wanna do this? Give me that form”. Doug placed the J431 on the desk and Minos took a look at it. After a few moments as Minos picked up his desk phone. “Patch me into floor 2…..Belpha I’m looking for the soul of Jack Benhoff. Soul ID HCO88190NNFJ-V. By my math he should be in Lust…..Got it. Patch me into floor 7….Invidias, I’m looking for the soul of Jack Benhoff. Soul ID HCO88190NNFJ-V. Have him escorted down to me immediately. Also, I’m assuming you're pulling souls from other departments to fix this mess, make sure you are submitting TR45’s for every single one you need longer than 24 hours, I will be reviewing them personally…..One more thing switching, get me Cinder in here." He hung up the phone and Cinder appeared in the office. Minos looked at it and said “Today’s the day Cinder, we are processing a J431. Which requires minutes to be taken” Cinder squeaked with joy, and took a seat on the ceiling above them. Minos looked back to Doug, handing him the form and a pen from a drawer. “I’m going to need in writing what should be reduced and a valid reason why.” Minos said “Don’t just give me some bullshit ‘he didn’t hurt anyone’ excuse. Just because you’re here by accident doesn’t mean anybody else is.”
Doug took the paper and tried to remember the details but his head was still swimming. He felt the huge burden of this strange man’s fate suddenly in his hands and wished he’d taken this more seriously, at least not be drunk for it. He was still trying to remember the good things he had done when the knock came at the door. A demon entered, along with the soul of Jack Benhoff who seemed terrified. “Come stand over here Doug, take a seat soul.” Doug stood up and moved to the right of the desk. Jack sat down, and the shackles instantly sprang to his wrists and ankles. Minos stood and unhooked his whip from his belt. He swung it in a swift motion, over his head and caused it to wrap around the man, which it did once. Minos’s eyes were closed for a moment as he judged the man’s entire life. He opened his eyes and started winding the whip back into a ring in his hands, shaking his head. “What a wasted life. A self-imposed jail cell of self-pity. Many have lost more than an arm and gone to live fulfilling lives.” The man stayed silent and looked at the floor. 
“Well hold on, he did lose more than his arm, he lost his dream.” Doug tried to protest, but Minos went into a full tirade, yelling and jabbing a finger at Jack. 
“He lost all motivation for anything! All discipline, all will to better himself or his community. Tell me soul, when were you happiest in life after the accident?” Minos demanded. “Uhh.. I don’t know…” Jack stammered. “I will refresh your memory, when you were 22, you volunteered to help coach baseball at the local little league. Which you did for a few months. Those months were the only time you attempted to connect with and do any good in the world. You might have even done so had you not attempted to flirt with the married mother of one of the children and subsequently asked to not come back. After that you let yourself rot. Poisoning your body, mind, and soul with depravity and cheap hedonism at the monetary, emotional, and moral expense of others. I could have charged this soul for violence against self, the whip <strong>spared</strong> him to Sloth.” Doug had never felt a more awkward five seconds of silence as Minos sat back down, broken only when Jack began to sob lightly. 
“He.. he’s right.” Jack said weakly between sobs. “I deserve this. I am trying hard to learn this all before I go back, and have come a long way since I got here. I want to live a good life.” Doug was now fully embarrassed for himself and the man at this point, and also confused. “Go back?” Doug asked. He realized he never had considered what happens at the end of the sentence. 
Minos sighed and flipped back to a tone of soft annoyance “Unless Doug wants to prove to us his ignorance further, your examination is over soul, return to your work. You will receive a verdict once rendered” Doug stayed silent and Minos waved his hand, causing the manacles to release. The escort demon took him by the arm and led him out the door. As Doug walked back to the seat, Minos asked “Are you ready to stop pretending you know what’s going on here and go back to just doing what I say?”
Doug replied sheepishly, “Yeah, sorry man I didn’t mean to like, challenge you like that. I’m still really confused about what’s going on here. I thought hell was forever, but are you saying it’s only temporary? Do they all get punished and then go to Heaven?” 
“Look, I’m not going to sit here for the hours it would take to explain our entire process let alone the underlying metaphysical infrastructure of the cosmos.” Minos replied, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “To answer that though, they do not go to Heaven, they go back to Earth, or some other celestial body capable of growing souls, wherever the Bardo takes them. We are contracted to take in souls primarily from Earth as we have the facilities best suited to get these souls back to the mortal/celestial realm with a proper fear of the consequences of evil deeds. Now, can you please go back to your office, and rest.”
Doug rose without protest and walked to the door. He stopped as he reached for the handle, and turned back to Minos. “How about just a five percent reduction in remaining sentence time? He was good to his parents in his life, and showed remorse and growth in his time here.” Minos glared at him. He grabbed the J431 and the pen and started scribbling on it then spun it towards Doug.
“I will give a one percent reduction to placate this hero complex of yours and you can pat yourself on the back and say to yourself you did something. Final offer or get out.” Doug walked up, and signed the final box and extended his hand to Minos. Minos looked him in the eyes and said “Get out”.
Doug turned and left as Minos gave instructions to Cinder on where to deliver the paperwork. He closed the door, all alone in the deepest hallways of Hell. 
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 5;Acceptance;A defeated Doug comes to grips with his reality.>
Doug stood in the hall for a moment, staring at the center door with the inverted pentagram. It didn’t need to be a secure vault for him to not want to go in there. The Operations door was like any other. Doug was curious to what that could possibly look like, and this would (hopefully) be the last time he’d be down here. “I’m safe from physical harm, so the worst case is Minos gets mad? Just a peek, won’t hurt anything.” Doug thought as he reached for the door with images in his head of a massive labyrinth of demonic machinery. He opened the door and stuck his head in the door. It was yet another cube farm, filled with mostly demons and some humans mixed in. One of the humans near Doug had their phone ring, picked it up and answered, “Central Switching, how may I direct your call?” Doug recognized the voice as the sarcastic woman he spoke with earlier. He could only see her profile, but he thought she was pretty. At least, as pretty as one can be in Hell without access to showers. Or maybe anything down here that isn’t oozing some weird pus seems acceptable?
Doug backed out of the room. Not worth sticking around to run into Minos. He walked to the elevator and told it to take him to the Greed floor. By this point he knew which direction his office was, so he started walking slowly through the aisles with an uncomfortable feeling. He still felt pity for the workers trapped in the endless paperwork, but less so. That Jack guy admitted he should be here and it was actually helping, and knowing that this was a temporary thing and not forever made it less extreme. Maybe this is why all of his predecessors got jaded and gave up?
He reached his office and went inside to find a stack of letters on his desk in a variety of colorful envelopes. He sat at his desk and started flipping through them. Some had ‘From the desk of’ with a saint’s name on them, others were addressed directly to Doug. He started opening them and found they were prayers from various people. Some of them were from strangers who had witnessed the accident. Others were from family, co-workers, and friends, some of whom he hadn’t spoken to in years. Oscar and his wife seemed to have prayed together and their letter came as one. Doug broke down crying as he read that one, but continued to read on. He never had really grasped the impact he had on people.  Part of the reason he had been non-chalant about his worldly demise up to this point was the feeling that he wouldn’t really be missed much up there. 
It took him a while to get through the stack, slowly finishing that pint and having a couple more smokes. By the end he was emotionally drained and once again drunk, wanting to just pass out and sleep through the rest of the week. He still felt restless though, even though he figured it had to be the equivalent of nighttime given the amount of time he’d spent down here. He realized he’d been shown to his office, but there was no mention of a room. He weighed his options, which included wrapping a binder of Jack’s good deeds in the ragged towel from the bathroom to use as a pillow. He decided he’d try and call Belpha to ask. As gross as she was, she was at least nice. Doug grabbed the phone and heard the same voice, “Central switching, how may I direct your call?” 
“Belpha, please.” Doug requested. The line rang a few times. “Belpha here” she replied, still friendly but not as much as before due to the stress of the day. “Hey Belpha, this is Doug. Sorry if I’m bugging you with something that’s in the handbook, but do I have a room to sleep in?”
“Sleep?” Belpha replied with confusion. “Ain’t no sleep in hell darlin, ain’t no such thing as tired for your kind any ways why you wanna sleep?”
“Honestly, I’m just kinda drunk and sad, ready to be done.” Doug said with a defeated tone. 
“Well hun I can’t help you with that, you done robbed tomorrow for today and you gunna have to sit though that.” She said matter-of-factly. “We need you rested though, so I’mma call down to maintenance and see if we can work something out. I suggest you learn to pace yourself.” The line clicked and went silent for a moment. 
“Anywhere else I can direct the call?” the voice asked. 
“Uhhh, I guess not…” Doug replied. His loneliness was tempered a bit knowing that he was talking to a human soul, and tried to push a conversation. “How come it’s always you that answers? There's hundreds of people in your office.” 
“I’m the primary switcher for the executive team.” She said plainly. 
“Oh cool….” Doug was at a loss for anything interesting to say. “Guess you’ll be hearing from me sometime later then… What’s your name?”
“In my last incarnation, it was Jane, not sure I like identifying like that anymore to be honest.” She replied.
“Gotcha, it would make sense you don’t want to be associated with the person that got you in here, sorry to bring that up. See you around…” Doug hung up the phone before he started embarrassing himself further. “Even as the only angel in Hell I fumble talking to women…” he chuckled to himself. 
There was a knock on his door. Doug answered it to find a demon carrying a wood and canvas cot, along with a makeshift pillow made of a sack stuffed with clothing. As the demon set the cot up, Doug noticed the canvas had what looked like a large dried blood stain on one end of it. There was no blanket. The demon bowed to Doug and left the room. 
Doug went to his washroom and grabbed the raggied towel and laid down on the cot for a while, trying to fight the hangover that started to form. He tried meditating, just trying to clear his mind and not think about his situation. The thoughts kept coming though through the throbs of pain, jumping from memories of his past life, to the uncomfortable feeling of accepting the suffering of these souls, and to the brief moment he laid eyes on Jane. 
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 6;Exploring Hell;Doug decides to roam the floors to kill time>
After a few hours the hangover was subsiding, and Doug sat himself up on the cot. He went to his washroom and splashed some water on his face, which was refreshing. “If I can get scotch, I bet I can get coffee.” He reached for the phone, but hesitated. He’d feel guilty having Jane overhear him order room service. Doug remembered the pig-faced demon saying he was in charge of the kitchens on floor three where they punished Gluttony, and decided to go there himself. He walked out of his office and down the hall to the nearest elevator, and asked it to take him to the Gluttony floor. When the doors opened he realized where Gulandar got his smell from. The floor was split between a massive kitchen pumping out trays of food, and the other side aisle upon aisle of refrigerators where that food was filled and left to rot, and then sorted by damned souls. Gulandar stood in the middle, arms crossed, overseeing it all. Doug approached and nervously asked, “Uhh hello sir, do you have a coffee machine?” 
Gulandar huffed and then called over to a soul. “You there, get this man a coffee”
“Yes Chef!” the soul replied, and ran into the kitchen. 
Gulandar looked over at Doug with an angry look on his face. “Hope you enjoyed that whiskey,” he growled. “Cinder took that from my private stock without my permission.”
“Oh…sorry, I didn’t tell her to do that” Doug stammered. 
“Yeah yeah, don’t expect that going forward.” Gulandar grumbled. There was a large crash in the kitchen as a massive pot of chili slipped out of a man's hands, spilling gallons across the floor. Gulandar became enraged, leaving Doug behind to tend to the incident while yelling “WORTHLESS SCUM! CLEAN THAT UP IMMEDIATELY”.
The soul who went to get the coffee ran up to Doug with a large to-go cup, handed it to him without a word and got back to his work. Doug took a sip. It was strong coffee, but cold and tasted like it was made yesterday, which he didn’t really mind. Coffee is coffee. He strolled back to the elevator and got in. He thought of going back to his office, but thought maybe he’d peek in on another floor. “Envy” He said, thinking maybe the IT department could have something more interesting than a cube farm that doesn’t smell so bad. When the doors opened he was disappointed to see a cube farm until he saw the machine in the middle. It looked like a modern-day super computer, and had a massive spaghetti system of wires criss-crossed between the racks. It gave off a pulsing hum which accompanied the sound of souls and demons typing away on mechanical keyboards. The cubes on this floor were the only he’d seen that had computer terminals, all older than Doug. Doug wanted a closer look at the super computer and started to casually stroll towards it. 
At about 20 feet away he heard a panicked yell from behind, “ARE YOU CRAZY GET AWAY FROM THERE WITH LIQUID IN YOUR HAND!” Doug stopped and turned to see Invidias running towards him waving his hands. “What are you doing here in the first place?” Invidias demanded.
“Sorry, just bored and curious…What is that thing?” Doug asked.
“That’s our primary interface with the Bardo, we receive incoming soul information through it, and then we upload soul data after remediation to properly route them to an appropriate life.” Invidias answered impatiently. “Unless you need something else, please return to your office, this area is restricted.” Doug wanted to get on one of those terminals and poke around, but Invidias seemed pretty adamant so Doug complied and started back to his office escorted by Invidias. He passed an empty cube and had an idea.
“Can I make a quick call from here?” Doug asked. Clearly annoyed, Invidias gave a go-ahead gesture and Doug got on the line. A man’s voice answered “IT Operations, how may I direct your call” 
“Hi, I am looking for Cinder” Doug replied
“I’m sorry, this line is not authorized to access that resource without an executive override code” the voice said dryly. 
Doug looked at Invidias and held the receiver out to him. “Need your override code”. Invidias was angry but wasn’t able to refuse Doug. He snatched the phone and grumbled into it “This is Invidias, override code RTX5080” then handed it back to Doug. The voice confirmed that Cinder was on their way and Doug hung up. Cinder appeared moments later. Invidias interjected before Doug could speak. “Cinder I’m very busy, please get Doug what he needs as long as it's not restricted then escort him to his office.” He then turned and walked away briskly. 
“Hi Doug, what do you need?” Cinder asked cheerfully. Doug waited a moment for Invidias to be out of earshot then asked,
“When I first got here, one of the guards said something about a form I could submit to change my accommodations, do you know which form that is?”
Cinder was giddy to help. “Of course! That’s an R5503, I can print one right from this terminal!” 
“Show me how to print one, I want to learn all about this system!” Doug said with an equal amount of giddiness. 
“Sure thing! Technically these terminals are restricted for you, but not for me!” Cinder said as they logged into the machine while Doug shoulder surfed. He was thinking if he could transfer up to this floor maybe he could get access to a terminal somehow. He watched as Cinder started navigating through the directories containing all the various request forms. It looked like you needed a form to do just about anything there, but that gave Doug another idea.
“Cinder, instead of an R5503, are there forms where I can request access to one of these terminals, and have it installed in my office?” Cinder thought for a moment, “There is the EQ903 request for the equipment, but I don’t think Invidias will sign off on the AAR2702 to give you access to the network or mainframe.”
Doug thought fast “What about just an unconnected terminal with a local copy of all souls currently being punished? I just want to uhh, do my appeal research faster.”
“Sounds like a legitimate business use case to me!” Cinder said cheerfully as they typed commands to the system. After a few more minutes of searching Cinder was able to find all of the needed forms and sent them to printing, a section at the back of the floor filled with printers, half of which were always facing driver issues which souls are forced to diagnose. As they waited for the delivery of the forms, Cinder showed Doug how to navigate and query the databases involved with soul data. The forms arrived just as Cinder was explaining Soul-Chain technology. “So when a soul leaves here, the bardo takes everything the soul has experienced in its current iteration, and packages it as a Soul-Block and embeds it into the essence of the next iteration. That Soul-Block contains the essence of all previous blocks as well, so it creates a link between all past lives while maintaining the independence of each life! It is so cool! Ok so you’ll need to sign these three forms. After that I can deliver them to facilities and Invidias for approval.”
“Do you think he’s going to push back at all?” Doug asked nervously.
“He may, but as long as you have a legitimate need and we’ve filled out the proper forms we are required to facilitate to the best of our abilities, it’s all in the handbook! Let’s get you back to your office and I’ll get these processed.”
Doug followed Cinder back to the elevator back to the fourth floor and back to his office where she left him to deliver the paperwork. It wasn’t long before his phone rang. “This is Doug” he answered. 
Invidias replied curtly, “Invidias here, I’m going to approve this request, but I don’t have time to make a local machine. Whenever you need to use it, call down to central switching and tell them to connect you to port 666 then plug the line into your machine. You will be monitored and if I find you snooping on my network you will lose this immediately. <strong>Soul data only!</strong> Your username is doug@hell.inc, password is Doug123 which you will update the first time you log on. Got all that?” 
“Yes, thank you Invidias” Doug replied. Invidias hung up, Doug waited a moment. 
“Do you need to be connected somewhere?” Jane’s voice came through the line. 
“Uhhh no, have a good day” Doug stammered out.
“We are literally in Hell, don't think that’s going to happen.” Jane replied bitterly, and hung up. Doug hung up as well, feeling like an idiot. 
<SECTION BREAK>
Doug putzed around his office impatiently for an hour or so, and at last there was a knock at his door. He opened it to find two demons, one pushing a cart with a terminal on it. They both got to work quickly, moving the terminal to Doug's desk and hooking up power and peripherals. It only took them a few minutes, after which they bowed and left. Doug took a deep breath and picked up the phone. “Central switching, how may I direct your call?” Jane asked.
“Hi, sorry for the stupid comment earlier, didn’t mean to offend.” Doug said sheepishly.
“It’s whatever, who do you need to call?” Jane replied a bit impatiently.
“I’m trying to connect my terminal to the mainframe, Invidas said I need to be connected to port 666.”
“Got it, connecting you now” she replied. Doug thanked her, unplugged his phone line, plugged it into the back of the terminal and powered it on. He was presented with a login screen where he typed his credentials and followed steps to update his password. He was finally in! Originally, he had just wanted to look up Jane’s past life, but now he was also interested in this soul-chain thing and looking up his own past lives. 
He decided to start researching Jane. It took some time to find the right soul. He queried the database to show him all souls with her name whose current assignment was in operations. That narrowed it down to a few hundred, which Doug decided to just click through one-by-one. Luckily the data included intake photos, and he found her about halfway through. He first looked up her current sentence, which was 900 years for Wrath. 
He then dove into the files detailing her life. She had a normal upbringing in New York City, and married her college sweetheart who was from Texas. A few years into their marriage they were on a trip to New York City for the first time. On the second night of their trip, they were walking through Central Park and passed a group of teenagers. Jane had just bought a nice handbag that day and her husband was wearing his nice cowboy hat, which one of the teens noticed and started ragging on. The group started following the two, which the couple noticed a bit too late. They were close, and one of the boys yelled for Jane to drop the bag. The couple turned around, and her husband told her to give him the bag, and run to the hotel as fast as she could. Jane wanted to protest but did just that and ran off. The man tried to negotiate, trying to ask to remove things like her ID. One teen wasn’t having it and charged at the man, who reflexively threw a fist, breaking the teen’s nose.  A second teen pulled a gun and fired three shots into Jane’s husband, killing him instantly. 
The incident broke Jane, who only wanted revenge. There had been some police nearby who heard the shooting, who were able to detain some of the teens but not the one who had shot him, and were only able to charge one with possession of marijuana. She tried hiring a PI to dig up dirt on them, but none would take the case as they were all minors. Jane used the one name she was able to get from the possession charge to find that teen on social media, and from there infiltrated his social circle with a fake profile.
She put together a master plan, where on one Friday night she invited each teen to a hotel room with staggered arrival times. When they arrived she would be in the bathroom with the shower running. She told them all through the door to grab a drink while she finished up. She had spiked the bottle with cyanide, and would drag each dead body into the bathroom and then wait for the next victim. She was able to kill eight in total. After the last one she knew that she wouldn’t be able to remove eight bodies from a Manhattan hotel room, and just called the police on herself. She spent the rest of her life in prison. 
Doug felt horrible after reading it. He’d hoped that she was in for something less severe, so that he might be able to advocate for her, but murdering people who were just at the place when her husband was shot did seem a bit extreme. He closed out her files and started searching for his own. After some digging he came upon the Soul-Chain ledger. He pulled the records from his life iteration before he was Doug. 
He started reading, and was soon hit with deja vu. There were parallels with Jane’s early life. He quickly scrolled to the end of the file which described his death. Shot three times in Central Park defending his wife. He was Jane's husband in her past life. Doug’s heart was pounding and hands were shaking. He started querying more of his past lives, looking for lives he had relationships. Once he found five, he went into Jane’s soul-chain and cross referenced the timelines. Sure enough, they had lived multiple lifetimes together, and the lives where they were together they both lived happy, fulfilled lives. 
This was too much for Doug, so he powered off the machine. He unplugged the phone line, and plugged it into the phone. He wanted to tell Jane right away, but needed to figure out the best way to deliver the news. As he was steeling his nerves and considering ordering another bottle, the phone rang. “Uhhhh…hi” Jane's voice came through nervously. “Were you aware that I was the one assigned to monitor you?”
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 7;The Trial;Doug prepares another J431>
“Wait…what?” Doug’s stomach dropped. 
“Yeah. Lots of weird feelings right now. Been trying to forget about my past life. So cool on you for exposing it to me in detail again. Then you went through our soul chains though.... Looks like we’ve got some things in common. I’ve thought a lot about what Dale’s soul might be up to. Looks like you're pretty boring without me in your life, as always.” Jane said with a light laugh.
“I’m..D…Doug?” Doug said stupidly.
“You’re Doug, you’re Dale, you’re Pete, and I think I saw Melvin in there too. I know most from doing my own soul-chain review. Did you zone out during orientation? We are souls. We’ve been in orbit of each other for a few millennia.” 
“I’m an angel” Doug said even more stupidly.
“You are such a noob!” Jane said with a joking impatience. “Angels are souls ya silly goose. You’re supposed to be partying it up there for a while for being a good lil boy until you hop back in. Just because you are good, doesn’t mean you are perfect. Just because you’re good now, doesn’t mean you always will be. The pendulum swings, we try to polarize the best we can.”
“I have no idea what you just said, but it sounds right. Are we being listened to?” Doug asked.
“Nah, like I said, I am the listener.” Jane said confidently. “Unless one of the executives needs to call one another, we’re clear. They all hate each other so it's actually pretty rare. The place was running like clockwork until you showed up. I heard some pretty wild trash talk. So you’re really here by accident?” 
“Yeah, IT did something that pulled me down because I got hit by a train at the same time as a really bad dude. There’s supposed to be some sort of portal or bridge opening in a week that I’m supposed to take to heaven.”
“Oh…” Jane said, a bit disappointed. “Well I guess we have a few days to chat. We’ll see each other again soon enough. I’m sorry I fucked up and landed myself here.”
Doug’s hero complex kicked in. “I can try and get you out of here, or at least a reduced sentence. I’ll get one of those judgement modification forms and talk to Minos.”
Jane snorted. “Doug, I've been here for 343 years, doing this job for half of that. Every angel that comes down here on this exchange program tries right away to free the soul they are bound to, Minos shuts them down, they leave shortly after. I’ve seen it dozens of times.”
Doug wasn’t willing to give up. “Look, I’m still trying to take this all in. I’ve been checked out and treating this like a vacation. If I’m here, I have to try. How could I be happy in Heaven knowing you're suffering?”
“I’m not being burned alive or turned into a tree dude, the Wrath floor is literally just unending team-building games. I did that for a few hundred years, then appealed to Minos during my review cycle for a job in operations which he granted. I guess he had a soft spot for my brand of justice. I spend most of my time reading actually. Same as I did when I was locked up. This floor has access to a pretty extensive cosmicam encyclopedia, though some of the real interesting volumes are missing. I know you’re stubborn and will need to try though. Do you want to be a normal person and just get someone to deliver my paperwork so I don’t have to babysit you on the network while you review my trauma?"
“Uhh sure, who do I need to call for that?” Doug asked.
“Honestly it will be faster if I do it, there’s a few people I know from my wrath days that are in IT department now. I’ll call them, get the paperwork fast-tracked. Don’t spend too much time on this. If this is all the time we have I’d like to make the most of it. Goodbye Dale, sorry! Doug! I promise I won’t do that more than a million more times, bye!”
“Goodbye” Doug said, his mind spinning as he hung up. He bet Minos would be prepared for this if others had tried this before. This wasn’t an easy case either, she had straight up murdered eight people. Maybe he could argue time served on Earth counted here? Maybe argue that in all her other past lives she was a good person, this one was just a fluke? He thought for a while longer, but couldn’t come up with anything better. There was a knock on the door. Doug just yelled “Come in!” from his desk. A demon entered carrying the box of binders with Jane’s life data and the J431 and set it on the already crowded desk, bowed and left.
Seeing as there was no room on the desk, Doug started laying out the binders on the floor. He took some time collecting evidence of her key moments of being a good person in her past life, then grabbed the form along with the letter he had received signed G to boost his confidence. 
He left his office and got on the elevator, commanding it to go to the basement. After a short ride, he found himself again in that long hallway, its fluorescent bulbs flickering. 
<SECTION BREAK>
Doug walked down the hall slowly, pausing at the three doors. He intended to go straight to Minos, but seeing the operations door gave him pause. He realized that Minos might give her the same treatment as he did Jack Benhoff, and figured he should warn her. As quiet as he could, he slipped into the operations room. He walked over to Jane’s desk and stood there awkwardly. She looked up at him confused, and then with a bemused tired smile. “The infamous Doug I presume?” She motioned for him to come closer so they could whisper.
“Yes.” Doug said, and held out his hand. Jane rolled her eyes, “No handshakes or hugs down here pal. We’d bounce off like magnets. You really should read that handbook. Sorry to ruin any fantasies you may have been brewing up” She said with a wink. 
Doug shot back, “Well I don’t have protection anyways and I don’t think taking the risk to conceive a child within Hell is a good idea, would at very least be a bit rude for the child.” Jane had to conceal a laugh to not draw attention.
“Yeah that sounds like it could have some serious implications. Speaking of serious implications, I know you feel like you have to do this but please don’t get me fired. I have no expectations of getting my sentence reduced, I just don’t want to go back to team building.”
“There’s another thing” Doug warned. “This may require you to go in there and go through a trial. Are you okay with that?” Jane did not look comfortable with that. Doug was thinking about calling it off for her sake. Behind them the door opened, and Minos stepped through it, angry as always. “Of course you're down here. Both of you, in my office now.” He growled, and marched out the door. Jane looked up at Doug with fear in her eyes. “I believe in you” she whispered as she rose up from her seat and walked towards the door. Doug started fumbling with his paperwork on his way over, and put the letter in his coat pocket for safekeeping. It was the only warm thing he’d felt down here. 
Doug walked into Minos’s office last. Jane was seated but unshackled, Minos at his desk, staring at Jane. He motioned for Doug to stand next to him. “Unless you're serious about this boneheaded trial.” Minos said dismissively, holding up some paperwork while looking at a confused Doug. “This soul violated policy by making an outbound call and engaging in conversation outside of sanctioned duties. Your outbound call triggered the secondary logs which were just delivered to me. It’s a shame to lose a useful receptionist. Report to Belpha’s office for reassignment. Tell her I’ll be calling her soon with details.” Jane rose to leave, but Doug butted in. 
“I want a trial, here is my J431.” He said with pseudo-confidence while presenting the form.
“I am well aware of this soul’s past and progress and will spare the whip. My answer is no. It was <strong>no</strong> before this violation and it is <strong>absolutely no</strong> after it. You will wait to be reunited at the conclusion of her sentence like everyone else.” Minos snatched the paper out of Doug’s hand, crumpled it, and lit it on fire. Doug was speechless as Jane slowly walked out of the office. Doug tossed the rest of the documents he had in a trash bin as Minos wiped the embers and ash off his desk. Doug pulled the card out of his pocket and tried to pull some inspiration from it. “You may also leave Doug, you’ve violated no policies, but I wanted to show the consecu….” Minos’s voice trailed off as he looked up at Doug. For the first time, Minos looked nervous. 
<SECTION BREAK>
<Chapter 8;Treason;Minos and Doug have a real talk>
“Doug, where did you get that?” Minos asked quickly.
“The uhhh, big angel guy with the sword gave it to me. It’s just a letter.” Doug said, showing him the side with “Love, G” written on it. 
“No Doug, that’s not just a letter. Please take a seat.” Minos’s demeanor had changed, he was almost polite. Doug took a seat, very confused. “What you hold there is one of the most powerful objects in existence, at least for this realm. That slip of paper is akin to a divine override, if that is fed to the Bardo, it accepts the other paperwork with no checks. I’m assuming they gave this…” Minos’s voice was cut off as a phone on his desk started ringing which he picked up immediately. “Yes Sir?......Yes you heard correctly……I agree……I will do that.” He hung up the phone and turned back to Doug and started again, “Like I was saying, I’m assuming they gave this to you should this bridge fail so you could at least go back. You’re probably now thinking, ‘Why don’t I just use this to get Jane out, take the bridge, and then hop right back down?’ Correct?” 
Doug wanted to ask about the call but that offer switched his focus. “Uhhh I hadn’t gotten there yet but that sounds about right.” Doug started to get a little more confident, for the first time he felt he may have some leverage on Minos.
Minos was dead serious at this point. “You should know doing so would have a large effect on the operation of this facility, namely my immediate removal from my position. There’d even be a possible extension of my sentence, should I be found to have unfairly judged the individual.”
Doug slipped back into confusion, “Your...sentence? You’re a soul being punished as well?”
Minos almost slipped back into annoyance, paused, then said patiently. “Yes Doug, every soul here is here for transgressions. My species is much older than the human race, from a star system far away from yours. Our punishment is shepherding a species as lowly as yours. Even the worst of our kind have a greater moral compass than most of your kind.”
Doug pushed back, “Big words coming from someone damned towards someone with a halo.”
This pushed Minos into annoyance again. “That halo is earned from circumstance more often than not. You were unable to harm others because you were weak and powerless, not because you’re a saint. You had potential to do more, and possibly would have if you lived longer. You’re lucky you continued your education and stayed humble, else you might be in here for Sloth or Greed.”
Doug stayed silent for a bit, then shot back “Alright so the guy who’s been an asshole to me the whole time I’ve been here now wants me to help him, at the expense of my own and Jane’s happiness? Just so you can keep a job?"
Minos’s face fell. “Doug you must understand, all of my kind have developed enough to fully remember the experiences we have here. I need to do well here to not only get out, but to be accepted amongst my people again.”
“Are you some kind of mass murderer?” Doug asked a little too forwardly.
Minos sighed, and with a bowed head said “No, just one. My boss, who was the leader of our people. I poisoned him after he and I had a disagreement. I am here for Treason. I need to go through these trials and return to my people redeemed. Please understand Doug, the time spent here has a purpose for all of us.” 
Doug started to see him with some of the uncomfortable pity he had extended to the human souls. Trying to lighten the mood, Doug smirked and quipped “Could use a couple guys like you where I’m from.” 
Minos chuckled, “Yes, many of the leaders from across your globe toil away here. Mostly wrath and greed, plenty in for lust as well. Some of them we didn’t even let come inside for a few centuries.” The two stared at each other for a bit. Doug tried to keep some banter going as he thought of his next move. “What’s your home planet like?” He asked.
Minos paused for a moment, then answered wistfully “It’s not too different from the outside of this building, though not quite so intense. We’ve carved deep caverns to shelter though where we live comfortably, and our seas are bountiful with food, which we harvest during the season with the least storms.” 
An idea struck Doug, “Even if a soul is supposed to be here, you can technically write anything on a form and it will be accepted as long as it has proper signatures right? Worst case is you get fired?” He asked
Minos replied, once again dead serious. “Yes, and possible extension of the sentence, not a trivial worst case by any means.” 
Doug shot his shot. “What if in exchange for you fully commuting Jane’s sentence, I give you this card to commute your own? Maybe try coming back as a human to avoid the stigma of past lives. A species that holds grudges across lifetimes seems kinda strict to me, and honestly that planet does not sound like a good time.” The words shocked Minos a bit, and he nervously looked over at the phone that rang earlier.
He retorted quickly, his voice angry but with a nervous face. “Absolutely not, I’m not going to be bribed into treason to avoid my punishment for treason. Also I would never want to belong to your ignorant species.” 
Doug wasn’t ready for a hit like that. For a second he felt like he’d broken through Minos’s shell and was offering him freedom and he just got militant again. “Fine, be ungrateful”, Doug said angrily as he rose up. “I need to hear it from Jane though. I need to hear her say to my face directly that she wants more time here. Send her to my office or I’ll think of something really stupid with this piece of paper and screw up more than your job.” Doug turned to the door and walked out, slamming it. Alone in the hallway again, he tried to compose himself a bit. He looked over at the vault door, and realized the wheel to open it was spinning slowly. Doug’s body filled with fear and he sprinted towards the elevator, and he even sprinted to his office once he reached his floor, slamming the door shut behind him.
<SECTION BREAK>
Doug went to his desk and pulled out the pack of cigarettes, which he still had a few left. He kept thinking that whatever was held behind that vault door was going to come and kick down his door, drag him to the basement and lock him in there with them. He kept the card handy in one hand, thinking he’d use it like a cross against a vampire or something. He was almost finished with his cigarette when there was a knock at the door. Doug leapt to his feet, tossed the cig on the ground and stomped it out. “Who is it?” He asked with fake boldness. 
“Employee T492 sir, escorting a soul to your office at request of Minos.” came a voice through the door. Doug relaxed a bit and told them to come in. The demon T492 opened the door and waved Jane inside. She entered, the demon bowed to Doug and shut the door behind her. Jane looked bewildered and started talking fast.
“Doug? What’s going on? What is this place? Eww, have you been smoking?” Her nose turned up. 
“Yeah, sorry for the smell. I had quit when I was alive so I could live a longer life, taking some revenge on the irony.” Doug said with a smirk. “This is my office. Well, the office that they give to the angels who are doing the arbitration job.”
“What am I doing here? Did you actually convince Minos to change my sentence?” Jane asked hopefully.
“Not exactly, more like threatened to blow the place up unless I could talk to you again.” Doug replied with a grin. “I need to ask you straight up. I can get you out of here with this.” He held up the card. “This thing can be used as a ‘Get Out of Jail Free’ card. Do you want to leave this place?”
“Of course I want to leave Hell! What kind of silly question is that?!” Jane said excitedly. 
Doug pushed back a bit, “A lot of the few souls I’ve met down here seem to think they deserve to be here and are getting something out of it.” 
Jane hesitated, then said “They’re not entirely wrong, but I think I’ve gotten the “Don’t kill people” message pretty clearly, which is all I’m here for. How does it work?” 
“Minos said we just feed it with the other paperwork when going into the Bardo and it will override any checks. I don’t know where that happens though.”
“That’s on the first floor. Once you have discharge papers you line up at a door, no idea what’s inside but people go in and don’t come out.”
“Where can we get discharge papers?” Doug asked.
“Normally you get a Bardo ticket from IT and punishment resolution from HR. I might know someone in HR who can help there, I don’t know anything about getting Bardo tickets though. Try your terminal maybe?” Jane wondered. 
“Oh right!” Doug said as he powered on the machine and picked up the phone. “Central switching, how may I direct your call?” Came a voice from the other end.
“Hi, can you connect me to port 666?” Doug asked.
“I am sorry sir, your access to the network has been revoked, I can only route phone calls from this line.” The voice responded with no emotion.
Doug thought of another option, “What about Cinder? Can you have her sent to my office?”
“Cinder is currently on an assignment for Belpha and is unavailable.”
Doug slammed down the phone in frustration and looked at Jane worried. “They took away my network access, and Cinder isn’t available. I don't have anyone else I can trust.” He thought for a bit then chuckled as he asked, “Think we could get away with hacking in Hell?” 
Jane looked at him confused, “How are you going to hack without network access?”
“We just need access to any terminal, let’s sneak up to the IT floor and use one.” Doug said with a smile. Jane didn’t seem convinced.
“I don’t know Doug, I’ve never seen breaking the rules down here go anywhere but horrible. I’ve never even been to the IT floor.” Doug thought for a bit. He couldn’t allow Jane to be put in a worse situation because of himself again. He had to go alone.
“Let’s split up.” Doug said with some conviction. “We can convince them for now that you are rejecting my offer and want to stay. That way you can go back to HR and try and get that side of the paperwork while I head up to IT to get Bardo passes.”
Jane was still hesitant, but agreed to go along with it. Doug went to the door and opened it. Ritavas was in the hallway, seemingly waiting for the two of them impatiently. “Have you two come to your senses yet?” Ritavas asked.
Doug tried to keep his cool. “Uhhh yeah, Jane will be heading back down to HR now.”
“Yes she will, I am to see to it personally. Follow me soul.” Rivitas walked towards the elevator bank with Jane in tow. Doug waited in his office for a bit, then walked to the elevators himself. He got in and commanded it to go to the Envy floor. As soon as the doors opened Doug slipped out, crouching as best he could to avoid being seen. He went down a few rows of cubicles, hoping to find an empty one with no luck. Eventually he just stopped at a cube of a nerdy-looking soul who was typing a document. 
“Hey, you uhhh, need to report to HR” Doug said, trying to sound official. The soul turned to Doug looking confused.
“What? Why?” The soul asked.
“There was a…mistake on one of the forms you submitted, they need you to go correct it right away”
“Oh shit I hope I’m not in too much trouble.” The soul said, quite worried. He locked his machine and started towards the elevator. When he was out of sight Doug slipped into the chair. The computer was on a login screen. The username was still showing as jmathison@hell.inc. Doug considered logging into his own user name, but figured he’d be tracked down easily. He remembered that Jack was called down to him from this floor, what if he had a login? Doug put jbenhoff@hell.inc as the username. In the password field, he typed ‘baseball’. “Can it really be that easy?” He thought and he submitted it, and found himself logged in as Jack. Problem was, Jack seemed to have pretty limited access. Doug was able to find where the Bardo documents were stored, but couldn’t open them. He was going to have to elevate his permissions, but how?  He thought back to the last time he was on this floor. He decided to pick up the phone, 
“IT Operations, how can I direct your call?” Said the voice at the other end. 
“I need access to some restricted files, I have a manager override code.” Doug said as confidently as he could. 
“Directing you to IT Security” The voice replied. After a short pause another voice came through identifying itself as IT Security.
Doug gave it another shot. “Hi, I need access to the Bardo files, Invidias said I need to review them. He gave me a manager override code, RTX5080.”
The voice on the other end acknowledged, and said that the access would be available once Doug rebooted his terminal. Doug thanked the operator and turned off his machine. He waited a moment before turning it back on. He waited patiently for the machine to come fully back online when suddenly a black bag went over his head and two demons grabbed his arms. “You’re coming with us Doug, do not struggle” said the voice of Deletros. 
<Chapter 9;Departure;This is the green line train with stops in all levels of consciousness>
Doug tried to put up a fight but was clearly overpowered. They forced him down the hall to the elevator, which they commanded to the conference room. Once the doors opened, Doug was led to the table and the bag on his head was removed. The only one in the room other than Doug and the Angel Response Agents was Minos, who was standing at the other end of the table next to the empty throne. There was a folder of papers at Doug's seat. “Take a seat Doug, you two, leave us.” Minos said with a wave.
“Sir, protocol V523 dictates that we…” Deletros began to protest but was cut off by Minos, 
“I need you two at the front gate in case VOG decides to come barging in again. I think I can handle Doug here just fine myself.” With that, the two tall demons went back to the elevator. Doug remained standing while Minos stared at him with a strange expression. “You’re about to be fired, Doug,” he said with no emotion. “You went too far this time, impersonating someone on the network is a full breach of contract. Please take a seat and review the forms needed to attest to your transgression.”
Doug sat nervously down and opened the folder. On top of the forms was a handwritten note that read “I’m taking your offer. Follow my lead and don’t speak.” Doug looked back at Minos who was staring at him intently, nodding. Doug started flipping through and signing the paperwork which included a J431 for Jane, as well as the paperwork needed for both to pass into the Bardo. As Doug filled out forms, Minos called for Cinder and gave her a slip of paper with the names of more forms he’d need. At first she started to question why he needed them, but he told her it was urgent, so Cinder spent a few minutes generating a few massive contracts on the table with incantations. After which he gave her more written instructions which she vanished to complete. Minos started filling the massive forms out in a flurry, filling the last one out fully except for a signature at the bottom. Leaving the binders on the table, he pocketed the last form and then marched to the end of the table towards Doug. “Let’s go” he said as he grabbed Doug's arm and marched him towards the elevator. 
“What about Jane?” Doug asked as the elevator made its way down
“That's what I sent Cinder for, she’ll meet us at the Bardo gate.” The doors opened and they made their way through the lobby, still packed with soaking wet souls, through several back hallways and into another large amphitheater room. On the stage was a stone archway with a black void as a center, flanked by two daises. The theater was usually filled with souls lined up for departure, but the theater was empty except for Cinder, Jane, and the man on the stage. He was tall and handsome with long black hair, wearing a white tuxedo. He had the wings of an Archangel, except they were wrapped in chains. There was a red halo above his head. Jane was suspended three feet in the air, stretched out like a medieval rack held her there. 
The chained angel's cold voice filled the room when he spoke. “I’m disappointed in you Minos. You had such promise. I won’t let you compromise this facility.” Doug was rightfully terrified, but sensed no fear from Minos who started to walk slowly towards the stage. Doug followed several steps behind.  
“Perhaps you forget who’s really in charge here.” Minos said dryly, as he unhooked the whip from his belt. 
“You wouldn’t dare use that.” The chained angel said with rage. “This escape is folly. You will return to this place again and I will keep you here until the suns of your solar systems die.”
“I’ll take those odds. Back to your hole, scum” Minos said quietly. With a swift movement he swung the whip over his head and caused it to wrap the chained angel. The whip flew out of Minos’s hand as it wrapped him in the entirety of its length. With a loud crack, the chained angel disappeared entirely. Jane was released from stasis and fell to the floor and slowly rose up. “Come on, you two. We don't have much time and I can only do that once. Cinder, take the paperwork from Doug and start queueing them up. I assume you want to see her go through first?” Minos asked Doug directly, who was helping Jane to her feet. 
“Yeah let’s do that.” said a bewildered Doug. Doug handed Cinder the folder and the shadow went to work placing documents on the two daises. As they did so, Doug asked “What’s going to happen to this place? Are we about to break something?”
“Nothing they won’t be able to come back from with lots of meetings and paperwork. I do expect the executives will be mad that they’ll be reporting to Cinder soon.” He said with a smirk, holding up the last unsigned piece of paper. 
“All set for the first soul boss!” Cinder said excitedly. Doug and Minos turned to Jane. 
“Your sentence has been commuted soul, into the Bardo, quickly. Doug won’t be far behind.” Minos said curtly. Doug nodded in approval. 
“Somehow I did it, go quick!” Doug said excitedly.
“Thank you Doug! Thank you Minos!” Jane said with equal enthusiasm. She ran over to the archway, waved, and walked into the void. The documents on the dias’s burst into flame.  Cinder quickly started replacing them with more documents. 
Minos looked to Doug and was very direct. “I’ve held up my end. I need the card before you go.” Doug had a moment of hesitation before slowly taking out the card he’d been given by the Archangel. He wondered if it was the right decision to give it to Minos and just use it for himself. He read the card again and pondered its message. 
<GNOTE>
For the past few hours he’d thought maybe the love was about pursuing he and Jane’s soul bond, yet here he was with the card still in hand. He looked Minos in the eyes as he handed the card to him. “When you get to Earth, just try to love everyone, alright? Love and forgiveness can be given to anyone at any time, and it matters most to give it to those least deserving.” 
Minos chuckled as he took the card. “I don’t know if we’ll ever see eye to eye on justice Doug, but I will give it my best to do that. See you on the other side.” He turned to Cinder who had just completed placing the documents for Doug. “Cinder! Come sign this last form, you’re being promoted.”
Doug approached the archway nervously. He stared into the void the way one does overlooking a ledge. “Well, it wasn't so bad last time.” He thought to himself, as he took his plunge into darkness.
<SECTION BREAK>
The Hendersons, Eric and Melody, were a power couple doing well in life living in New York City running their own family law office. They had been trying for a few years to get pregnant with no luck, and decided to adopt a child. Not long after the adoption went through for the five-year-old boy, Melody found out she was pregnant. Their apartment would have been tight with only three people in it, so they decided to move their practice to a small town upstate for a simpler life.
It was a warm summer night when the moving truck pulled into a cul-de-sac followed by the Hendersons in their new minivan. As the family started to unload, two children from the neighborhood ran up and introduced themselves as Dan and Jessica, self-proclaimed best friends. They were the same age as the adopted child.
Jessica was very excited to have a new friend to play with. “There are no clouds and all the stars are coming out tonight! Do you know about conshlations? My mommy taught me all about them! We can see the Big Dipper and Leo tonight! Come follow me!”
The new boy looked confused and nervous, but at the encouragement of his parents, went along with his new friends.
The children ran to the backyard where there were no lights, and once again beheld the stars.



